hello welcome to chef Sarah or vegan
Academy in the beautiful village of Cave
Creek Arizona my name is Sarah Cecil and
as the founder and director of the whole
vegan Academy I would like to thank you
for your interest in the first Academy
on the planet that pride itself of being
free of gluten GMO soy peanuts cashews
honey nightshade agave corn and dried
beans well you can earn you raw vegan
chef certification there are 4 course
levels to choose from detoxification
basic and fundamental of all Cozine
advanced or cuisine and fantabulous
guilt-free desserts
my courses are in depth and hands-on so
that you will get the experience you
need to be confident and certified as a
raw food chef coach or instructor these
courses may be taken in any order at any
time however the raw vegan chef
certification will only be awarded to
those who complete all four courses the
courses are suitable for anyone who
would like to live a healthier lifestyle
and learn preventative measure to
diminish the effect of toxins that are
the cause of diseases this educational
program and personal mentoring will
offer you a transformational experience
that will take you to a new level of
awareness the ultimate goal of this
program is to help you achieve your full
potential in life I look forward to
sharing this life-saving way of life
with you for more information about the
Academy please go to chef Sarah comm
Sarah with no age namaste
you